---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mythicbeasts_pi Resource - mythicbeasts"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# mythicbeasts_pi (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) A unique identifier for the server. This will form part of the hostname for the server, and must consist only of lower-case letters and digits and be at most 20 characters long

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `cpu_speed` (Number) CPU speed in MHz. Will default to the lowest available spec matching all of `model`, `memory` and `cpu_speed`.
- `disk_size` (Number) Disk space size, in GB. Must be a multiple of 10
- `memory` (Number) RAM size in MB. Will default to the lowest available spec matching all of `model`, `memory` and `cpu_speed`.
- `model` (Number) Raspberry Pi model (3 or 4)
- `os_image` (String) Operating system image
- `ssh_key` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Public SSH key(s) to be added to /root/.ssh/authorized_keys on server
- `wait_for_dns` (Boolean) Whether to wait for DNS records under hostedpi.com to become available before completing provisioning.

### Read-Only

- `ip` (String) IPv6 address for server
- `location` (String) Data centre in which server is located
- `nic_speed` (Number) CPU speed in MHz. Only used on creation. Will default to the lowest available spec matching all of `model`, `memory` and `cpu_speed`.
- `ssh_port` (Number) Port for accessing SSH via IPv4 relay. Server is accessible on `ssh.{identifier}.hostedpi.com`.
